feat: allows to define a prefix for collections / tables (#345)
gravitee-io/gravitee-docs: pages/apim/3.x/installation-guide/configuration/repositories/installation-guide-repositories-mongodb.adoc

    cursorFinalizerEnabled:     # mongodb cursor finalizer enabled (default false)
----

== Use a custom prefix

From APIM 3.7, you can use a custom prefix for your collections name.

=== On a new installation

> You just have to modify `gravitee.yml` (for the gateway and the console) to configure `management.jdbc.prefix` and `ratelimit.jdbc.prefix`. Default value is empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You just have to modify `gravitee.yml` files of the gateway and the console to configure `management.mongodb.prefix` and `ratelimit.mongodb.prefix`. Default value is empty.
```
